The other type of new variable that you can create is something called a constant variable now a constant
variable is essentially a variable that once you store a value inside of this variable that value cannot
be changed.
So an example of this might be something as simple as Konst age equals ninety.
And then if I try to reassign it like what I would do with a typical variable or let's change it to
something different 93 you'll see I get an error assignment 2 constant variable.
So if I comment this out you'll see the error goes away because it's OK to assign it.
Now with that being said that also means that you have to define the variable or assign it a value.
Initialize it if you will whenever you declare.
So in this case I'm missing an initializer in my conc declaration and that just means whenever I declared
my variable I never assigned it a value.
And that's why we have to assign it a value because once the value is set it cannot be changed.
And so if you've never set a value then it's kind of just set in this floating space of being a named
variable.
But now you can't assign anything new to it.
But those are constant variables variables that once you set a value to them they cannot manipulate
that value.